okay fight be calm at the Argentine
Pavilion in New York City here with
Arturo Thunder Gary
arto first congratulations on the birth
of Sofia should we expect to see her
ringside oh definitely
maybe the like made it let her out okay
um earlier at the podium you alluded to
the fact that he felt he wasn't quite in
your league or that he was tailor-made
for you can you uh 11 so that I wouldn't
see it's not in my league you know
please tell her makes me and that's the
first phone calls I got when I beat Zab
Judah that's are kept people kept saying
this is the guy got a fight next he
still in a fear what about his style do
you feel suits yours well he stands in
front of me and most of the guys I stood
family I stopped or really beat him up
and I got good legs don't forget that
toolbox also and now that's what I use I
could beat a boxer when I fight guys a
fight like well he's like you said he's
a straight forward type of fighter you
have little dexterity you've shown the
ability to box and bro what can we
expect for me that's stuff for what
you're going to see you gonna see a a
boxer puncher that night and you know
it's very important for me to be a great
great condition because easier type of
fighter wears his opponents down and
that's how you went so it's very
important for me being a shape of good
legs also at the podium you mentioned
that uh you don't want to be recognized
as the warrior you feel that right now
you're fighting to be recognized as a
true world champion what do you mean by
that well you know I'm always recognized
as human i light the warrior and all
that enough while they forget about all
the the ability of a fighter light and
every fighter I have no matter what I
want to show some things that some
fighters won't do and they forget about
it and these recognize as the water
which at the real water with chamber of
the world and I just hope that after I
beat them they're going to give me that
that title you've been a legend in the
sport almost for the past decade from
Patterson up until this fight now what
do you feel is left for you to
accomplish
I keep making money you know keep
winning titles keep making money
are you are you securing your legacy oh
definitely you know I've I feel number
one I love the sport and now I cannot
walk away for something that I love to
do and I enjoy doing and I'm not tired
of it a couple more questions are oh did
you happen to catch the fight last
Saturday between Judah and Mayweather
yes I did
can you share with us some of your
thoughts I felt that as I've just said
of the fights really good guys you know
pull it off after what I saw the first
couple round but Mei was a very
intelligent fighter and just forgot
about that Judas head and just broke
down his body and so I turned out to be
the winner it's possible that if you
beat about Amir that you you may have to
fight Floyd again did you see anything
on Saturday that you feel you could
capitalize on no I just can walk into
the ring of life you know I'll be 147 oh
I won't loosen eight making weight you
know that's the difference at all thank
you so much for your time